Chapter 1
    Jean wakes up in cave
    finds secret door to exit first chamber
    sees vista of surrounding area (river below, rock formations, field and mountains in distance)
    enters second chamber
        finds chest in chamber containing a sword and gold pieces
        opening the chest triggers the awakening of Rock Rumblers
    after defeating Rock Rumblers, scene triggers with Jean running away
    another battle triggers against single Rumbler, after which Jean gets cornered and rescued by a Golemite named Gorran
        Gorran has a unique star-shaped patch of moss on its left shoulder
        Gorran smashes a Rumbler, the rest run away
        Gorran rumbles at Jean and beckons Jean to follow
        Gorran opens a hidden door, revealing the entrance to the Verdette Caverns.

        After passing through the Verdette Caverns, Jean finds himself in the Rock Warrens, a vast underground network
         of tunnels with a large center chamber. It is home to the strange rock creatures known as Golemites.
         The Golemites are ancient beings made of stone and moss,
        and they have lived in the Rock Warrens for thousands of years, guarding the secrets of the earth.
        Jean is initially wary of the Golemites, but Gorran seems friendly and gestures
        for Jean to follow him deeper into the Rock Warrens.


 Chapter 2
    Jean follows Gorran to Grondia, the city within the large center chamber of the Rock Warrens,
     where Jean meets Elder Votha Krr. Votha Krr is an ancient Golemite who has learned to speak human languages.
     He is one of the few Golemites throughout history to learn this skill.
        Votha Krr formally introduces the Golemite who saved Jean as Gorran, describing his role as a guardian of the Rock Warrens.
        Votha Krr offers to help Jean, but the Golemites have bigger problems right now. Slimes have infested the
        Grondelith Mineral Pools and need to be eradicated. If Jean clears them out, Votha Krr promises to help.
    Jean may now explore the Rock Warrens, though the inhabitants aren't much for conversation. There is a
      merchant who will trade with Jean using gestures and rumbles. When ready, Jean moves to the mineral pool
      to clean up the slimes.